### Tweet
15 Powerful Philosophy Quotes of "Lao Tzu" 

| Thread https://t.co/iGIJzRuj9D

1. "If the majority doesn't laugh at you, beware that you must be saying something wrong. 

When the majority thinks you are a fool, only then is there some possibility of you being a wise man." 

- Lao Tzu

2. "Being deeply loved by someone gives you strength, while loving someone deeply gives you courage." 

 - Lao Tzu

3. "The best fighter is never angry." 

- Lao Tzu

4. "Simplicity, patience, compassion. These three are greatest treasures. Simple in thoughts, u return to source of being. 

Patient with both friends &amp; enemies, u accord with the way things are. 

Compassionate toward yourself, you reconcile all beings in world."

 - Lao Tzu

5. "If you realize that all things change, there is nothing you will try to hold on to. 

If you are not afraid of dying, there is nothing you cannot achieve." 

- Lao Tzu

6. "Time is a created thing. To say 'I don't have time' is like saying, 'I don't want to." 

- Lao Tzu

7. "Silence is a source of Great Strength." 

- Lao Tzu

8. "Kindness in words creates confidence. 

Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love." 

- Lao Tzu

9. "Life is a series of natural and spontaneous changes.

 Don't resist them; that only creates sorrow. Let reality be reality.

 Let things flow naturally forward in whatever way they like." 

- Lao Tzu

10. "You cannot receive what you don't give. Outflow determines inflow." 

- Lao Tzu

11. "One who believes in himself has no need to convince others." 

- Lao Tzu

12. "If you want to awaken all of humanity, then awaken all of yourself, if you want to eliminate the suffering in the world, then eliminate all that is negative in yourself. 

Truly, the greatest gift you have to give is that of your own self-transformation." 

- Lao Tzu

13. "Doing nothing is better than being busy doing nothing." 

- Lao Tzu

14. "Those who know do not talk. Those who talk do not know." 

- Lao Tzu

15. "Care about what other people think and you will always be their prisoner." 

- Lao Tzu

Wrap Up:

1. Routine: Heal with the flow
2. Track: Document your journey
3. Willpower: Fight through events

Life changes with time. Nothing ever remains same.

Master your mind. Master your life.

Start reading 100 Mental Models:
[your life will change]

https://t.co/sjl3fiw4xk

### Metadata
Tweet ID: 1462701406884925443
Created At: 2021-11-22T08:36:05.000Z

### Related
[[2021-09-28T06:54:53.000Z - naval - If you arent willing to be mocked youll never be]]

