### Tweet
This simple 3-minute habit has helped me write every day for 503 days in a row.

Here's how it works:

For the last 503 days, I've woken up and written for 90 straight minutes.

But I don't wake up, crack open a fresh blank page, and start typing.

If I did, the dreaded blinking cursor on a blank page would crush me.

Overcoming this friction day after day would be impossible.

So here's a secret... My morning writing sessions start the night before.

Every night before I go to bed, I take out a journal, set a 3-minute timer, and do the following 3 steps:

• Write down 1 idea that's top of mind to write about

• Brain dump 10 bullet points on that idea without judgement

• Close my journal and go to bed

Just like that, tomorrow's writing process has begun.

And this nightly brain dump makes the next day's writing effortless for 3 reasons:

Brain dumping eliminates friction.

Waking up to a brain-dumped list of bullets means I never stare at a blank page in the morning – which means it's easy to get started.

I can gain momentum quickly, dropping straight into flow.

Brain dumping allows my subconscious to work overnight.

Maybe it's a bit "woo woo," but I always wake up with a better grasp of the idea I went to bed thinking about.

My brain makes connections overnight, leading to unique insights I never would have thought of while awake.

Brain dumping clears my head before bed.

Often times, I'll brain dump on more than just the idea I want to write about the next day.

I take anything that's on my mind and dump it onto the page – which leads to relaxed &amp; restful sleep.

Boom – that's it.

Brain dumping is the simple 3-minute habit I do every night before bed that makes writing the next day effortless.

Give it a try and let me know how it goes for you!

### Metadata
Tweet ID: 1519308161689300994
Created At: 2022-04-27T13:31:07.000Z

### Related

