### Tweet
Seneca is one of the most fascinating and complex figures in all of history. He was a beautiful thinker, a prolific writer, a thoughtful friend, a political advisor, and Stoic philosopher.

Here are 12 rules he lived by...

⇩⇩⇩

Don't suffer imagined troubles

Stress and anxiety, Seneca said, are usually products of the imagination, not reality. “We are in the habit of exaggerating, or imagining, or anticipating, sorrow,” he wrote. "We suffer more from imagination than from reality."

Associate with people who improve you

Seneca had a large circle of friends with whom he spent a lot of time. How did he choose these friends? His rule was this: “Associate only with those who will make a better man of you. Welcome those whom you yourself can improve.”

Read like a spy

The most surprising part of Seneca’s writing is how often he quotes Epicurus, the founder of a rival school. The reason, he said, was not because he was deserting the Stoics, but because he was reading like a spy or a scout in the enemy’s camp.

Just do one thing every day

“Each day,” Seneca told a friend, you should “acquire something that will fortify you against poverty, against death, indeed against other misfortunes, as well.” This, he said, is the way to improvement: Incremental, consistent, humble work.

Always keep a role model in mind

“Choose someone whose way of life as well as words...have won your approval. Be always pointing him out to yourself...There is a need for a standard against which [we] can measure ourselves. Without a ruler, you won’t make crooked straight.”

See every day as a bonus

Here’s a way to feel good every day, no matter what happens. All you have to do, Seneca said, is tell yourself that you’re going to die in your sleep. “When a man has said: ‘I have lived!,” he wrote, “every morning he arises is a bonus.”

Never be surprised

“What is unlooked for is more crushing in its effect, and unexpectedness adds to the weight of a disaster. This is a reason for ensuring that nothing ever takes us by surprise...Rehearse them in your mind: exile, torture, war, shipwreck.”

Choose to be happy

Happiness, the Stoics tell us, comes from within. It's a choice. As Seneca put it: "Everything hangs on one's thinking...A man is as unhappy as he has convinced himself he is."

Embrace difficulty

The Stoics believed that adversity was inevitable. And that this is a good thing, something we should embrace. Seneca said the only people to pity are those who never experience difficulty because: “No one can ever know what you are capable of, not even you.”

Do good to feel good

Seneca said that each person presents us an opportunity to do kindness. They also, therefore, present us an opportunity to find happiness. Because, he wrote, “a good character is the only guarantee of everlasting, carefree happiness.”

Don’t make things worse with anger

Something happens. You lose your temper. Now two bad things have happened. That’s a fact. Because getting angry never makes things better. How much worse getting mad is than the things that caused it, Seneca said. “Anger always outlasts hurt."

Remember: you are dying every day

“This is our big mistake,” Seneca wrote, “to think we look forward toward death. Most of death is already gone. Whatever time has passed is owned by death.” We are dying every day and no day, once dead, can be revived.

If you liked these, you will like the Daily Stoic email.

Every morning we send out a short (~500 word) email rooted in the wisdom of Seneca and the other Stoic philosophers.

Join over 400,000 people and subscribe at: 
https://t.co/fFNLroKAD6

### Metadata
Tweet ID: 1486027560978993157
Created At: 2022-01-25T17:25:54.000Z
#suffering

### Related

