### Tweet
“Whoa we just had our biggest month ever - $4.4 million,”  said @AlexHormozi.  I should’ve been jumping up and down with excitement, but I couldn’t even muster a smile. I was filled with dread because I was ready to quit. 

A thread…

Fortunately, I didn’t quit and I want to help you avoid quitting even when everyone thinks you’re winning. 

So I was back into familiar territory - NO TIME. Not for friends. Not even for date nights.  We just wanted to grow and I was ready to be done with all of it.

I was now seriously considering being one of the people I said I never wanted to be.  I had to dig and I started with auditing my time. And holy shit. It turns out I was spending time on things that didn’t matter AT ALL.

It was the same type of reaction I would’ve had if I had audited my CFOs or anyone on my team. “What ARE you doing?” So I audited them too (for clarity, not to avoid feeling alone) and found a very small percentage of us were doing the real work to move the business forward.

I realized I was at a place that no CEO or business owner wants to admit; I was afraid of not being an exceptional service provider or an amazing boss.

We, mostly I, were PRODUCTIVELY PROCRASTINATING. A stark contrast from the beginning where you’re making a lot of productive mistakes that you learn from.

Here’s what procrastination looks like broken down.

You don’t try. You stick to the things you already know you know how to do. You’ve failed so many times in attack mode that you don’t wanna fail anymore. You mitigate the threat by sticking to knowns. No threat = no risk = no stress.

Be careful letting yourself off the hook here.  This might serve you in the micro but not in the macro. You will not maintain or achieve more success.

You know what is your friend? PRODUCTIVELY FAILING

You TRY something you’ve been pondering or something you aspire to do. 

You risk. You fail. You learn. You win. 

This is what leveling up looks like.

I realized that what I needed wasn’t more tools, resources, or delegation. I need to shift productive procrastination to productive failure. Period.

However high your aspirations are, avoiding risk so you don’t threaten everything you’ve built also means you will no longer grow. And you’ll be indifferent about the milestones you should be celebrating.

Luckily I flipped my mindset. You can too.

### Metadata
Tweet ID: 1511778621954080768
Created At: 2022-04-06T18:51:25.000Z

### Related

