### Tweet
Top 5 deathbed regrets...

You don't want to make the same mistakes in your lifetime:

If you're wondering if I'm making this up — no, I'm not.

I initially got curious because I don't want any regrets in my life.

So I read up on Bronnie Ware. She worked in palliative care (support for people who are nearly at the end of their life).

Sounds good? Here's regret 1:

"I wish I’d had the courage to live a life true to myself, not the life others expected of me."

We want what others want. We want what others make us want.

But what do you truly want?

Ask yourself when you're sitting quietly (not distracted by Instagram, or music or the world)

"I wish I didn’t work so hard."

From the study in 2014:

Huge cost of working: missing your children's youth.

I like work. It's fun to me.

But not at the cost of relationships, friendships, family time etc.

"I wish I’d had the courage to express my feelings."

If you love someone, just tell them.

Life is too short to not let someone know how you feel. 

It's how you feel — you deserve to let it out, they deserve to know.

"I wish I had stayed in touch with my friends."

Friendships are hard. It takes a lot — effort, expectations, love, jealousy, support.

Remember: we're social beings. Don't let success or failure affect friendships.

Today is a beautiful day to call a friend out of the blue.

"I wish that I had let myself be happier."

At the end of the day, happiness is a choice, not a result.

A simple test to prove this:

Nothing will make you happy until you choose to be happy. For example...

When everything is going great, you can let even one negative thing affect happiness.

Similarly, when everything is going south, even one positive experience/person/situation has the power to make you happy.

Happiness is a choice.

### Metadata
Tweet ID: 1521868886504873984
Created At: 2022-05-04T15:06:32.000Z

### Related

