### Tweet
These 14 ideas will brainwash you into being massively successful:

Your work must align with your values.

If you hate what you're doing—

It'll be hard to stay consistent.

When you love what you do, work is rest.

Money doesn’t bring happiness.

There's no point in earning more if you hate your life.

Money amplifies whatever is already inside you.

Seek to serve.

The fastest way to get what you want is to help others get what they want.

Listen to your gut.

It's possible to ignore your true potential—

Yet impossible to ignore the regret of doing so.

You're not a bad person for throwing in the towel.

Sometimes you have to abandon the good to get the great.

Emotions don't demand action, but facts do.

Put everything on paper.

If a decision matters, make it with math, not emotions.

If it works, double down on it.

(A surprisingly simple idea that is often ignored)

Do not run from your problems.

What you avoid today will steal your success tomorrow.

You must discipline yourself.

Talent, skill, and motivation don't to matter if you've mastered yourself.

Keep your cost of living low.

Reinvest everything else into learning.

Building wealth is the goal, not status.

Accept that life will be boring.

Boredom is the birthplace of success.

So be boring for the time being.

Your character is your biggest asset.

Do not abandon your values for short term gain.

If you lose your integrity, you lose everything.

Embrace the pain.

It's excruciating saying no to short term distractions.

Yet incredibly rewarding if you push through.

Long term thinking is the only way to experience long term success.

Do not demonize your work.

Without putting in the work—

You will never experience success.

Working is an opportunity, not a chore.

### Metadata
Tweet ID: 1521841649424367616
Created At: 2022-05-04T13:18:18.000Z
#consistency 
#money 
#happiness 
#regret 

### Related
[[2022-03-10 09-18-44 Do what feels like play to you]]
[[2022-03-10 09-04-16 Money only solves money problems]]
[[2022-05-28 10-08-47 Give before you take]]
[[2022-03-12 10-12-24 Do more of what works and less of what doesn't]]
[[2022-03-18 09-46-48 Figure yourself out]]
[[2022-05-28 10-53-32 Do the boring work]]
[[2022-03-10 09-26-59 Think longterm]]
[[2022-05-21 09-49-32 Think about what your future self would do]]
[[2022-03-10 08-57-37 Make the process the reward]]

