### Tweet
The person who carefully designs their daily routine goes further than the person that negotiates with themselves every day.

Entropy dominates life. Consider your garden. Without regular effort to pick the weeds, your garden eventually reaches a point where it’s mostly weeds. 

The same is true of us.

Without regular effort, our relationships tend to fall apart, our projects tend to go sideways, and we tend to put even more on our to-do list. 

The result is we’re busier than ever but not accomplishing much.

Getting things done in this environment is hard. It requires constant energy and effort. 

Here is what most people miss: Where you apply effort matters more than the effort you spend.

Most of us simply try to grit it out rather than think about how we can put ourselves in a better position for success. However, spending time thinking about putting yourself in a better position can 10x your results.

There is a big difference between the person that wakes up and decides what to work on based on what’s in their inbox and the person with the discipline to work on the biggest opportunity first.

Finding the time every day to work on what’s important requires an incredible amount of willpower and focus just to stay on course. Inevitably, entropy takes over, and you end up distracted and working on something new or unimportant.

When this happens, it requires herculean effort to put yourself back on track. 

Setting aside the same time every day, say from 530am to 7am, to work on your biggest opportunity works better and requires less effort.

Getting better results isn’t simply ‘putting your head down and doing the work.’ It is designing your routine to put you in the best position possible for success. That means consciously designing a routine to make sure you have the time to work on what’s most important.

People that do the most don’t leave things to chance; they use a consistent routine. They know the most important thing they are going to work on tomorrow and they know when they’re going to work on it. They don’t have to find the time; they just follow the routine.

Routine will take you further than willpower.

I write Tiny Thoughts like this in the free Brain Food newsletter.

Give me 5 minutes every Sunday and I’ll give you timeless insights you can use to get results. 

See what you’re missing: https://t.co/cTnLlM0mzT

### Metadata
Tweet ID: 1485978003687493637
Created At: 2022-01-25T14:08:58.000Z

### Related

