### Tweet
If you use it right, your Twitter account is worth more than your degree.

But 98.8% suck at it.

Here are 10 unique ways to turn Twitter into a crazy valuable asset:

Curate Your Following

Most users use Twitter to follow news. It’s okay.

But you won't make Twitter an asset then.

To make it an asset, you need to build a high-signal information diet.

Let me show you...

Use Twitter Lists

There’s too much drama on the Twitter timeline.

I use Twitter lists to cut the noise and amplify the signal.

Bonus: Lists aren't affected by the algorithm.

So you’ll see what you want to see. Not what the algorithm wants to show you.

Here’s a guide: https://t.co/4EDDC9IJ4T

Use Advanced Search

Normal search is pretty bad.

To find the best content, use these search functions (play around with the parameters):

(from:aaditsh) min_faves:500 until:2022-09-01 since:2020-05-01

This function will spit out:

Tweets from @aaditsh with more than 500 likes

Mute Trolls

Trust me — trolls are not worth your time.

If you’re not enjoying someone’s attitude, mute them:

1. Go to their profile. 

2. Click "more" → "mute profile".

Their content will become hidden on your timeline.

Now, it’s much more peaceful (like it should be). https://t.co/w2Lhe7hNaQ

Polish Your Bio

Your bio is your one-line identity on the internet. Make it crisp.

Know what you want to be known for:

Mine: "I deconstruct how the top 1% play the game of business and life.“

Here are some great examples to learn from: https://t.co/CyuQKplnH5

Integrate Your Newsletter with Twitter

If you have an email list/newsletter, use this Twitter feature to maximise sign-ups.

I have seen 2x subscribers arriving at my newsletter (per day!)

Seriously - this is a game-changer. https://t.co/5mgwY8tFmI

### Metadata
Tweet ID: 1491094779605975040
Created At: 2022-02-08T17:01:13.000Z

### Related

