### Tweet
Every time Andrew Wilkinson jumps on My First Million, I walk away with a handful of gems.

And yesterday's episode might have been the best one yet.

Here are 3 golden nuggets I wrote down:

Often times when you ask someone who has had repeated success in an area for a "winning formula" they say "it depends."

And it usually does. So instead, invert the question.

Ask "what is something a lot of people do that never works?"

Then, just avoid doing those things.

Hire 1 to Hire 10

If you need to hire an entire department – say, marketing – don't waste your time trying to hire 10 marketers. 

Instead, focus all of your effort on hiring a baller VP of Marketing.

Then, give them 100% of your trust, and have them make the 10 hires for you.

Copywriting is the ultimate force multiplier – because you're always selling something.

• Selling your product to customers
• Selling your company to investors
• Selling your vision to employees

It's all about communicating value – and that's the foundation of copywriting.

3 main takeaways, summarized:

1. Don't ask for the winning formula. Ask for the commonly-followed losing formula, and avoid that

2. Hire 1 to Hire 10 – focus all your effort on hiring 1 person (who then hires the rest)

3. Copywriting is the ultimate force multiplier - learn it

The whole episode is a must-listen – and I bet the follow-up is even better.

Follow these guys if for some reason you aren't already:

• @ShaanVP 
• @thesamparr 
• @awilkinson 

Then listen to the full episode:

https://t.co/7wnD8CxKWi

### Metadata
Tweet ID: 1504800563367710722
Created At: 2022-03-18T12:43:06.000Z

### Related

