### Tweet
My kryptonite:

Internet distractions.

I used to rely on willpower to stay focused.

But no matter how hard I tried, I would end up down a rabbit hole.

Until... 

I developed a simple system that's helped me crush distractions (and write every day for 507 days as a result):

The key realization I had was it is *impossible* to defeat distractions with willpower – and relying on it is a recipe for failure.

Instead, you need a system that *automatically* blocks distractions for you (whether you like it or not).

Enter: Cold Turkey. https://t.co/GFhzqH7Jyr

Simply put, Cold Turkey lets you automatically block (or allow) websites and apps.

Every night before bed, I set my "writing only" block to on.

But, I shouldn't even call it a "block" – because it's really an "allow."

Here's what I mean:

Most tools I tried would let me block websites.

But even after blocking distracting websites, I would find a way to go down a rabbit hole of an unblocked website.

So instead, I created a "block" that only "allows" my writing tools.

And it's on every morning from 5 to 10 AM. https://t.co/3SOFTiN1Yb

My "allow" block lets me go 3 places:

• Roam
• Drafts
• Typeshare

That's it.

All other places are blocked.

• Slack
• Twitter
• Google
• Messages

Literally every other app and website are blocked.

Now... I already know what you're thinking – so hear me out. https://t.co/H7gLy4KytS

"But Dickie, I need Google to do my writing!"

No, you don't.

Or at least, not as much as you think.

And having it blocked by default will help you realize this.

Because here's the truth – having the ability to immediately Google anything is an escape from deep thinking.

Whenever I would some friction, I would Cmd+T a new tab and lurch to Google.

But that is *precisely* the moment I would start going down a rabbit hole.

Now, this system forces me to sit with the discomfort of thinking deeply.

But, I also have one more trick:

I do my writing on a 60-minute timer.

While I write, I keep a little notepad by me that says "things to Google" where I jot down anything I *think* I need the answer to.

90% of the time, I don't actually need to open Google, I was just looking for a distraction outlet!

But, sometimes you do need to Google to complete something.

So when the timer goes off, I will unblock Google and allow these websites 1 by 1 to find the answer.

My "things to Google" list from today:

• Does it work on Windows?
• How much did Cold Turkey cost?

Alrighty – that's how I use Cold Turkey!

But, one more thing.

They have a solid free version.

But the paid version allows you to block websites on a set schedule (which is the best feature).

Highly recommend upgrading.

I remember thinking:

"$39!? No way... I don't need to pay that to stay focused."

But then I had a big mindset shift.

My inability to focus was costing me, literally, hundreds of thousands of dollars.

So in terms of return-on-investment, it's the best $39 I have ever spent.

By the way, as I write this it's sounding more and more like a sponsored post 😂

But I am not affiliated with Cold Turkey in any way!

I am just a raving fan because of how much it has helped me recapture my focus.

Download it here:

https://t.co/dzelNh3wvT

Boom! That's my system.

In summary:

• Download Cold Turkey
• Set it to allow *only* your writing apps
• Keep a "things to Google" list
• Set it to run daily at the same time
• Be amazed at how much better your writing becomes (and how much more you can get done)

Whether you're a beginner writer or an experienced writer, I hope this was helpful!

For more helpful frameworks like this, here's a 13,000-word Ultimate Guide to help you start writing online:

https://t.co/34AcQYuW3r

### Metadata
Tweet ID: 1521488191357861888
Created At: 2022-05-03T13:53:47.000Z

### Related

