### Tweet
How I used the 10-10-10 decision-making framework to resolve a particularly “yucky” people issue..

The Framework:

10 minutes thinking about how you FEEL about the decision (short term)

10 minutes evaluating cost vs gain of the decision 

10 minutes (and the most important minutes) looking at it’s alignment with my long term vision (long term)

1st 10 minutes: It was stressing me out and I felt a sense of urgency to fix it. As much as I wanted to act, I held off and moved to the…

2nd 10 minutes: I realized that by jumping in I may not be giving the direct supervisor a chance to address it and establish rapport.  However, me jumping in might expedite solving the issue. At this point, I was 50/50 and then I moved on to the …

3rd 10 minutes: We currently assist with 8 portfolio companies; our vision is to help 30-40 portfolio companies. I had to consider how often I would interject here in the future when we are at scale.

Allowing other leaders and teammates to solve these problems was most consistent with our vision. I made the decision to not interject with the issue although I initially wanted to pounce on.

I still felt badly about the situation at hand but I knew acting on those feelings would be contrary to my long-term vision and goals.

When decisions are brought to me I simply say “What would Leila in 10 years do?”  because long-term decisions are never made with emotions...  And I use 10-10-10 to be sure.

### Metadata
Tweet ID: 1516135162333233153
Created At: 2022-04-18T19:22:45.000Z

### Related

