### Tweet
Marcus Aurelius was the most powerful man in the world. Seneca was a playwright and a powerbroker. Epictetus was one of the most sought-after teachers in the ancient world.

The Stoics figured out how to get things done. Here are 9 of their best productivity strategies.

⬇ ⬇ ⬇

1. Wake up early

“At dawn, when you have trouble getting out of bed, tell yourself: ‘I have to go to work – as a human being...I’m going to do what I was born for...Or is this what I was created for? To huddle under the blankets and stay warm?’” — Marcus Aurelius

2. Create a routine

The Stoics were big on routine. As Seneca said, “Life without a design is erratic." Without a disciplined schedule, there's chaos and uncertainty—ingredients that feed procrastination. With a routine, procrastination is boxed out—by order and clarity.

3. Limit interruptions

“When you let your attention slide for a bit, don’t think you will get back a grip on it whenever you wish—instead, bear in mind that because of today’s mistake everything that follows will be necessarily worse." — Epictetus

4. Focus on small wins

“Each day,” Seneca advised a friend, “acquire something that will fortify you against poverty, against death, indeed against other misfortunes, as well.” One gain per day. That’s it. All great things are built with incremental, consistent, humble work.

5. Say "No." A lot.

The more you say no to the things that don’t matter, the more you can say yes to the things that do. As Marcus Aurelius wrote, “If you seek tranquillity, do less...Do what’s essential...Which brings a double satisfaction: to do less, better.”

6. Read. Read. Read

“Reading," Seneca wrote, "I hold, is indispensable – primarily, to keep me from being satisfied with myself." He liked to do some reading early in the day because “reading nourishes the mind and refreshes it.”

7. Focus on effort, not results

Elite athletes increasingly follow a philosophy called “The Process”—ignore results; focus on doing the small things well. As Marcus Aurelius reminded himself: a life is built action by action. So just focus on completing the task at hand.

8. Fuel the habit bonfire

Epictetus said that “every habit and capability is confirmed and grows in its corresponding actions.” Every habit—good and bad—is like a bonfire. Each time we perform the habit, we add fuel to it. The question he’d ask: which fires are you fueling?

9. Create a sense of urgency

When we’re pressed by a deadline, we don’t procrastinate. We can use Parkinson’s Law to our advantage. The Stoics did. Memento Mori was their reminder. Marcus said, “You could leave life right now. Let that determine what you do and say and think.”

If you like these, you will like the book, "The Daily Stoic: 366 Meditations on Wisdom, Perseverance, and the Art of Living" by @RyanHoliday and @SteveHanselman 

These strategies were adapted from the book's 366 days of Stoic insights and exercises.

https://t.co/IzFVCSGPEO

Also, to help you start 2022 right, the ebook version of "The Daily Stoic: 366 Meditations on Wisdom, Perseverance, and the Art of Living" is $1.99 in the US and UK!

Happy New Year!

https://t.co/mPGJYLkF92

### Metadata
Tweet ID: 1478446746997035018
Created At: 2022-01-04T19:22:27.000Z

### Related

