### Tweet
Craving the admiration of others comes down to two things:

1) How much admiration your ego needs
2) How much you can feed it yourself

The delta you seek from the world.

Some thoughts…

To decrease your ego, you can either:

1) Need less admiration
2) Admire yourself more

Self admiration/respect is not what people make it out to be.

It means you actually meet your own standards of respect.

Most people don’t. So they lie to meet the standards of others.

But the admiration they get from others, because it was based in a lie is fleeting.

It doesn’t satisfy. So they move onto the next people to admire them.

This is why having a “big ego” isn’t really having a big ego at all.

Instead you have a malnourished ego that needs feeding

If you have a “well fed ego” it means you can satisfy your own needs.

You do so by admiring yourself to the point of satisfaction.

Easy to say - hard to do. Our own respect is the hardest to earn.

That being said, the satisfied ego has a surplus which can be directed to others

This manifests the trait of humility that people like.

Why?

Because as you’re ego needs no more feeding, you can direct the energy to feeding others.

As humility isn’t putting oneself down, it’s raising others up (independent of self).

Think about it like food.

The man who has eaten already doesn’t need anymore food and can use the excess food for others.

People love this person.

The reverse is the man who eats unendingly while others starve but is not satisfied.

That’s why it’s so ugly.

Morning thoughts.

### Metadata
Tweet ID: 1514932040738689030
Created At: 2022-04-15T11:41:59.000Z

### Related

