### Tweet
How to reach nearly anyone on Twitter:

Firstly:

You won't be able to reach Elon Musk using this approach...

So if that's what you were looking for, I'm sorry to disappoint.

But you can reach your favorite podcaster,  creator, or thinker on Twitter using this:

Start on the timeline

Most of the people worth reaching out to get tons of messages a day.

It's difficult to catch their attention in the DMs if they haven't seen you somewhere already.

Here's how to be seen:

1. Turn on notifications for your favorite thinkers.

2. Reply with something valuable in the first 10 minutes.

It doesn't have to be a genius breakthrough in scientific discovery.

It could be a counter-approach, a piece of evidence, some experience, or a respectful opinion.

Here's how you turn on notifications for an account:

1. Go to their profile.
2. Press the bell icon. https://t.co/KSnAaglVY9

After having engaged with them for a few days, your profile photo will have been printed in their mind.

(This is more effective than you think... so don't keep changing your profile photo).

Now you'll want to reach out via DM. But make sure you don't mess this up:

Make sure the promise you make is more valuable for them than it is for you.

Appreciation messages are fine but note that they probably get tons of those anyway.

You're not standing out by saying how much you love their content.

If you really want to eventually become mates with this person, make sure there's something in it for them.

Otherwise, why should they listen? It's simple.

If it doesn't work, it's probably not a good idea to message anytime soon.

Look for another opportunity to jump into a conversation (later) and help out once again.

Twitter is an open party:

Help out whenever you want. Nobody is stopping you.

If you want to check out my best threads: https://t.co/jRnoxU6rxk

Also — drop a follow @aaditsh so you never miss future threads.

### Metadata
Tweet ID: 1498405945415815175
Created At: 2022-02-28T21:13:11.000Z

### Related

