### Tweet
The easiest writing upgrade you can make:

Getting *way* more specific.

Most people try to write for everyone – which means they end up writing for no one.

So here's are 7 proven ways you can get more specific (so you can see the growth you deserve):

Quick but important point:

Most people think, since they aren't an *expert* in something, they aren't qualified to write about it.

But – if you're reading this, you are an expert in something – even if you don't think so!

Let me show you what I mean:

Let's say you want to write about general topics:

• Being happier
• Being healthier
• Making more money
• Being more productive
• Having better relationships

The bad news: you are not an expert in these general topics.

The good news: you are *3* words away from being one.

The goal is to take these general topics and add specificity until you *are* an expert.

Take a second to read that again – it's important.

If you feel like you aren't an expert in the topic you want to write about, you're simply not being specific enough.

So here's what to do:

There are 7 specificity levers you can pull:

• By price
• By problem
• By industry
• By location
• By situation
• By experience
• By demographic

You're going to take your topic and mix &amp; match these levers until ~voila~ you're an expert.

Let's dig into some examples:

How to get specific with price:

Health tips for:

• People on a tight budget
• CEOs who can afford 1:1 coaching
• People looking to invest $1,000 at most
• Those who can't spend any money
• HR departments looking to improve employee wellness after raising their Series A

How to get specific with problem:

Productivity tips for:

• People with ADHD
• People who can't focus
• People who procrastinate
• People who are burnt out
• People who are always busy
• People who are unmotivated
• People who are lacking fulfillment

How to get specific by industry:

Email marketing for:

• SaaS startups
• Health care providers
• Group-training gyms
• Online course creators
• Biotech startups who raised a Series B
• Asset managers between $100mm and $1bn in AUM

How to get specific by location:

Happiness techniques for:

• People in cities
• People in suburbs
• People in London
• People in New York
• Expats in new countries
• People working from home
• People going back into the office
• People who just moved cities

How to get specific by situation:

Time management advice for:

• Single moms
• C-Suite executives
• New college students
• Burnt out gym owners
• Medical school students
• First-time business owners
• Recently-promoted SaaS product managers

How to get specific by experience:

Writing advice for:

• Complete beginners
• Experienced academics
• Recent college graduates
• Authors on their 2nd book
• Non-native English speakers
• Comic book designers looking to transition into poetry

How to get specific by demographic:

How to make more money for:

• Single moms
• College students
• 30-year old men
• Recently-retired women
• Rural high school students
• Middle-aged fathers with 2 kids
• Recently-immigrated 20-somethings

Now – you're armed with the 7 levers. 

Take your general writing interests and mix and match levels of specificity from each bucket.

Keep going until you are an absolute *expert* in that topic – and then go one step further.

That's when you know you're onto something.

Lastly – you might be thinking... 

This is *way* too specific! No way anyone will read this stuff!

But alas, wait until you experience the scale of the internet. 

And this quote perfectly summarized how the internet lets you be niche at scale (and rewards you heavily for it): https://t.co/33IWSVmcjx

Now, your niche isn't something you're going to find overnight.

It's going to take lots of iteration – which means you need to up your publishing cadence and increase your writing *volume.*

And on your own, this is hard to do.

But writing consistently is 10x easier when you're surrounded by *hundreds* of others doing it with you.

And that's exactly the problem Ship 30 for 30 will solve for you.

Dozens more frameworks like this inside once you hop aboard: 

https://t.co/JJNKZQKb75

In summary: 

There are 7 specificity levers you can pull:

• By price
• By problem
• By industry
• By location
• By situation
• By experience
• By demographic

Take your general topic, then mix &amp; match these until you're an expert in that specific topic.

If you found these useful – here are 2 steps to take:

1. Hit follow → @dickiebush for more threads on digital writing and digital leverage

2. Check out this free 13,000 word ultimate guide with everything I've learned about the writing process

https://t.co/34AcQYuW3r

### Metadata
Tweet ID: 1495409492628054029
Created At: 2022-02-20T14:46:21.000Z

### Related
[[2022-02-06T03:22:44.000Z - jackbutcher - to add value subtract complexity]]
[[2021-10-06T15:31:46.000Z - AlexHormozi - Doing the basics at scale is what makes you advance]]

