### Tweet
The best book I've read this year:

How To Live by Derek Sivers.

Buried inside this gem are 4 short pages that pack more insights on building wealth than any book I've ever read.

Here are 23 quotes that will change the way you think about money: https://t.co/rpNNRstp82

Making money isn't evil, greedy, shallow, or vain.

Your biggest obstacle to getting rich is the harmful meaning you've attached to it.

Making money is nothing more than a neutral exchange of value.

Making money is proof you're adding value to people's lives.

Aiming to get rich is aiming to be useful to the world.

To get rich, don't think about what's valuable to you.

Think about what's valuable to others.

Money doesn't care about your:

• Race
• Gender
• Education
• Physique
• Family
• Nationality

Anyone can be rich – so it might as well be you.

Making money is a skill.

Learn it and practice it like you would any other.

Money is a great motivator.

It works better than force, rules, punishment, or appealing to generosity.

Great art has been created in pursuit of great profit.

The world is full of money.

There's no shortage.

So capture the value you create.

Charge for what you do.

The more something costs, the more people value it.

By charging more, you're actually helping them use it and appreciate it.

Charge more than is comfortable to your current self-image.

Value yourself higher, than rise to fit this valuation.

If you subconsciously feel you don't deserve to be rich, you'll sabotage your pursuit.

But if you feel you truly deserve it, you'll do whatever it takes.

So adjust your self-image first.

The world needs more boldness.

Refuse the comfortable addiction of a steady paycheck.

Instead of thinking of customers as leading to a sale, think of each sale as leading to a life-long relationship with a customer.

Ideas are worth almost nothing.

Execution is everything.

The world is filled with ideas, yet so few take action and make them happen.

Boring industries have little competition, since most people are seeking status in glamorous new fields.

Find an old industry and solve an old problem in a new way.

Instead of making a key, then looking for a lock, find something locked, then make its key.

Emotions are the enemy of good investing.

Investing is easy unless you try to beat the market.

Settle for average.

Keep it simple &amp; manage it yourself.

Avoid exciting investments.

Be humble, not arrogant.

Never think for one second that you know the future.

Remind yourself over and over again that nobody knows the future.

Ignore anyone that says they do.

Don't buy too many things, too big of a house, or hire too many people.

Rich people who do this feel trapped and miserable.

The less you buy, the more you're in control.

Nothing destroys money faster than seeking status.

Don't loan money to a friend, or you'll lose money and a friend.

You'd be better off just giving them the money.

The return is the same ($0) but you'd skip the bad feelings.

So no to more stuff.

Say yes to more choices.

Money makes problems go away, but amplifies personality traits.

Money won't change you – but it will amplify who you are.

This book is pure signal – as always, @sivers has no wasted words.

But to truly understand these quotes, you need to pick up a copy of the full book.

It's 27 short chapters answering the question: "How to Live"

"Get Rich" was just one of those ways.

https://t.co/Ow4yPTsX8E

### Metadata
Tweet ID: 1518585647962988544
Created At: 2022-04-25T13:40:07.000Z
#comfort

### Related

